Canada - CDN - canadaecoin.site
As we reflect on the specifics of being a Canadian crypto currency community, we recognize that even though we are focused in Canada, our work applied to the national level problems also apply to others in their own communities. As we work on building tools to help solve user-centric problems, we join with other communities who are in a similar state with the intent so share our experiences. 

Iceland - AUR - auroracoin.org
Auroracoin believes that cryptocurrencies promote individual freedoms and that groups like CommunityCoins.org are essential in building like-minded communities and financial technology infrastructure.We are committed to supporting CommunityCoins.org through shared knowledge & experience, technical collaboration, goodwill, and positive reinforcement. 

The Netherlands - EFL - egulden.org
The dutch Electronic Gulden Foundation endorses communitycoins.org. We will put significant effort in the cooperation with other community-coins that support the shared manifest. 

Pakistan - PAK - pakcoin.io
Pakcoin aims to bring cryptocurrency usage into daily lives of common people because its by the people for the people. We support communitycoins.org by sharing our experiences and technical knowledge for promoting well being of community coins. 

United Kingdom - SLG - sterlingcoin.org/
Sterlingcoin very proudly endorses CommunityCoins.org as an effort to mutually support like-minded and community-driven cryptocurrency projects with knowledge and resource sharing. Sterlingcoin is committed to support CommunityCoins.org, its manifest, and peer projects in every way possible. 

Germany - DEM - deutsche-emark.org
Deutsche eMark wants to provide great value to the German and it's worldwide investors community who have adapted and are banking on the coin over the long-term. We are also a proud member of CommunityCoins.org which we highly endorse. CommunityCoins are here to financially empower their users. The release of the code - open source gives the entrepreneur and individual planning security and confidence as macroeconomic interest rates in form of mining/staking rewards and halving events are well known in advance. 

Portugal - CESC - cryptoescudo.pt
We are part of a group of cryptocurrency enthusiasts with different initiatives for different communities and this is where we join our forces and cooperate 

Japan - FUJI - fujicoin.org
Fujicoin is not a cryptocurrency made for speculative purposes. Rather our goal is to enable people around the world to use Fujicoin on a daily basis. 

Russia - RUBTC - russian.nationalbitcoin.org/
The new reality reflects the world's transition to a state of competition for spatial influence as opposed to competition for technological leadership. The essence of competition for leadership at this stage is to create a crisis-resistant, technologically and industrially self-sufficient space in which the priority of national rules of the game will be ensured. 